Extraplanetary-Launchpads
=========================

About:
Extraplanetary-Launchpads (EL) is a mod for Kerbal Space Program that
allows you to build vessels in any location, not just at the KSC.

However, the building is not for free, as such: you must supply RocketParts
(a resource) matching the mass of your built vessel (ie, a 5t dry-mass
vessel will require 5t of RocketParts). Also, time is required: 5
Kerbal-hours per ton meaning that 5t vessel will take 1 ideal kerbal 25
hours to build. Not all kerbals are ideal: their stats, occupation and
experience affect their productivity, as does the quality of their
workplace.

RocketParts can be shipped from KSC, but are bulky at half the density of
rocket fuel. They are also moderately expensive.

Alternatively, Metal can be processed into RocketParts. Metal is very
dense, but less expensive than RocketParts. Also, 1t of Metal will produce
less than 1t of RocketParts: the remainder will become ScrapMetal which can
be processed back into Metal, or discarded.

Metal can be produced by mining MetalOre from the ground and smelting it
into Metal. MetalOre is moderately dense, and relatively inexpensive, but
again, 1t of MetalOre produces less than 1t of Metal. The remainder simply
vanishes (the oxygen from the ore is lost).

Also, Metal can be reclaimed from existing vessels by recycling them. There
will be losses, though.

Overall: EL is mass-conserving with losses (that is, you will never gain
mass as you process resources, only lose or maintain mass).

Mining:
EL uses the stock resource system for scanning and extraction of MetalOre,
and all processing until RocketParts. However, Kethane is supported and
even recommended as it provides regions of high concentration.

Installation:
The easiest method of installation is simply extract the contents of the
zip file to your GameData.

Required Mods:

  o Module Manager to allow pods to become workshops (albeit poor quality).
	NOW REQUIRED to enable engineers to build stuff.
    http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/55219
  o Kerbal Inventory System. Required for the use of the survey stakes,
    but otherwise optional.
    http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/113111

Mods considered essential for getting the most out of EL:
  o KerbalStats to track kerbal experience.
    http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/99018
  o Toolbar to allow control of the VAB/SPH GUI and easy control of the
    in-flight GUI.
    http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/60863
  o Kethane. Allows hot-spot mining of MetalOre.
    http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/23979
  o Kerbal Attachment System. Connect parts of your base together, or move
    things around.
    http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/92514
  o Infernal Robotics. Makes it easier to move things around.
    http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/37707

Please report all issues at
https://github.com/taniwha/Extraplanetary-Launchpads/issues

Many resource containers use HexCans by Greys
(https://github.com/Greys0/HexCans).

Notes for building:
Note that EL depends on KodeUI: https://github.com/sarbian/KodeUI.git
However, KodeUI is included as a git submodule. Use

    git submodule init
    git submodule update

to get started and refer to the `git submodule --help` (or
https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) for further
details. However, the tree has been set up to "just work" once
submodules have been updated.
